---
title: Dynamically Add Title and Meta Tags on Route Change in Angular
description: 'many times we required to set different meta information for different routes.  So that it is indexed properly in search engines and when users share it on social media it shows meta-information for that page only.'
published: true
slug: dynamically-add-title-and-meta-tags-on-route-change-in-angular
---

# Dynamically Add Title and Meta Tags on Route Change in Angular
Web Page title, description, and other meta tags are very important for the Search Engine Optimization of any web application. 

>Meta tags provide information about the webpage. These tags are not visible to user but this information is used by web crawlers.

Search Engines like google and bing use web crawlers to index web pages.

Social Media Platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn web crawlers crawl the web page to show the card when we share the page link. 

In the traditional web applications, we can add meta tags on each page, However in a single page application (SPA), we have only one page where other routes are dynamically rendered.

In Angular, if you want to set common meta information for all routes in the application, it is easy, you just need to write meta tags in index.html.

But many times we required to set different meta information for different routes.  So that it is indexed properly in search engines and when users share it on social media it shows meta-information for that page only.

This feature we can implement by manually changing meta information on route change. 

**In this article, we will see, Dynamically Add Title and Meta Tags on Route Change in Angular.**
In previous article of Angular SEO Series we have seen how to integrate google analytics in angular application.